Jiang Haiping has returned to Xingyao Group
The old lady can be regarded as relaxed now
Do you think I'll make it easy for you?
Ready to leave for the capital
Shen Yi, when you take me deep
Su You has a nine-day entertainment media
The market value is tens of billions
Moved to the capital
Plus if there is a gecko from the Yang family
It shouldn't lift the vitality of all beings on the stage
Let me introduce you again.
All your future partners
Hey bro
Do you know how to eat and drink?
Really? You're young.
I don't know.
What does this have to do with our cooperation?
You just need to acquire any live broadcast company.
What then?
I'll let the Starshine Consortium lead you a wave
Then let all the company's popular stars promote it
Then go public directly
That's it.
Well it's not over
All, you accompany Mr. Yang first
Go home and sleep